Adding UX building blocks updates to the 2.4.0 Release Note (#7802)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/ReleaseNotes.md

The [MRTK Toolbox](README_Toolbox.md) is a Unity editor window utility that makes it easy to discover and spawn MRTK UX prefab components into the current scene. Items can be filtered in view by using the search bar at the top of the window. The toolbox window is designed to spawn MRTK out-of-box prefabs into the current scene.

**Button Config Helper added to Pressable Buttons**
![Button Config Helper](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9789716/70167111-e3175600-167a-11ea-9c52-444509c06105.gif)

> This new feature makes it easy to change the icon and text of the buttons. Icon supports quad, sprite, and TextMesh Pro's SDF font texture. See MRTK's [Button documentation](https://microsoft.github.io/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity/Documentation/README_Button.html#how-to-change-the-icon-and-text) for the details.

Reviewer: Looks like doc validation failed on this. I think just referencing the .md file is good and gets updated during the docs build to point to the correct .html page.

```suggestion
This new feature makes it easy to change the icon and text of the buttons. Icon supports quad, sprite, and TextMesh Pro's SDF font texture. See MRTK's [Button documentation](README_Button.md#how-to-change-the-icon-and-text) for the details.
```

**New HoloLens 2-style Toggle Buttons - Checkbox, Switch, Radio**
<br/><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13754172/75299797-df631d80-57ea-11ea-8857-8ef647df0aca.gif" width="450">

> <br/><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13754172/75299783-d6724c00-57ea-11ea-88b1-85e4a585212f.gif" width="450">
> 
> 
> **Hand Menu Improvements**

Reviewer: Nit: extra whitespace

```suggestion
<br/><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13754172/75299783-d6724c00-57ea-11ea-88b1-85e4a585212f.gif" width="450">

**Hand Menu Improvements**
```
